ASM2D documentation (#604)
watertap-org/watertap: docs/technical_reference/property_models/ASM2D.rst

ASM2D Property Package
======================

This package implements properties and reactions of an activated sludge model for biological nutrient removal from wastewater using an activated sludge biological reactor with biological phosphorus removal as provided in Henze, M. et al. (1999) [1].

This Activated Sludge Model no.2D (ASM2D) property/reaction package:
   * supports 'H2O', 'S_A', 'S_F', 'S_I', S_N2, S_NH4, S_NO3, S_O2, S_PO4, S_ALK, X_AUT, X_H, X_I, X_MeOH, X_MeP, X_PAO, X_PHA, X_PP, X_S, and X_TSS as components
   * supports only liquid phase

> Limitations of the model, based on the original literature referenced, are as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
Limitations of the model, as noted in [1], are as follows:
```
